now with youtube good here we have in
our hands the samsung galaxy with
reference gt s 63 10 cl this the
phone that is sold in Colombia
basically it's a phone with
processor of a giga hertz camera of 3
megapixels in your main camera does not
brings secondary camera comes a stack of
thousand 300 thousand amps now basically
it's a phone with a screen
256-color tfc capacitive with one
3.27 inch screen size
we are going to perform from the boxes
I remember subscribing to my channel here
we will be uncovering many phones
new ones teaching you what is
really the content of these boxes
for those who are interested in
buy the phone or have it
bought and want to actually see if
its content is what this must be
phone is bought by operator as well
that we are sure that what is
who comes here if they buy the phones
in the center
with san andrecitos will surely take you out
things where they sell them completely with
what comes many times they take away the
venues at home and the traditional ones is
remove chargers so I recommend them
I want your operators to be clear
movistar or tivo and buy the phone
there
we start in a boxing giving them the
phone
It is a very good size phone but
with wifi gps of very good taste comes to
Hertz main or rear camera with its
microphone what we can see this
phone brings flash does not bring camera
frontal comes with sensors
let's continue uncovering the kit more for that
Obviously medical manual phone
how it has to be
as I told you phone bought where
it must be quite effectively with your old age
is of seats surely of 2 gigas
I will continue to explore the phone
comes with your manual as it should be
let's say three free human things
very good hands-free four things in
and with your data cable basically this
data cable on one side of your sb to
connect to any phone or
any loading device and for
On the other hand, the conventional micro sd
contents
obviously with your wall charger as
all samsung galaxy phones
let's basically remember the content
all those faces of the most similar here
we have already 1 2 3 4 5 6 6 things
different and finally we have the stack
basically that phone
we have that pile brings look that a pile
of 1300 milliamp hours very good stack
very good duration of which a
phone with a 1 gb processor and a
320 x 480 screen is one has a
very good stack related to what is the
phone basically this is the one box
zinc phone samsung galaxy union in
this case the version would come for
colombia 'algete
s 63 diesel thank you very much for watching my
video invited us to subscribe to the channel